Neil Sethi- Sun, Moon, Earth
For this assignment I created a moon that rotates and orbits the earth and an earth that rotates and orbits a sun.  The sun also rotates.  All three rotate on the Y axis.  I got the idea for wrapping images of the sun, moon, and earth from a lesson Daniel Shiffman taught in his youtube channel.  The planet class creates the earth sphere, rotates it around the sun, rotates it along the Y axis, and calls the moon class.  The moon class creates the moon sphere, rotates it along the Y axis and revolves it around the earth sphere.  Unfortunately the way the moon orbits and the way the earth rotates it kind of looks like the moon just stays along the same point on the earth.  Trying to fix this was a challenge I faced but couldn’t fix.  Also when putting our codes together a weird fill effect appeared on my spheres.  To try to fix this I gave each sphere a unique fill color.  Because of this the planets do not look as good as they originally did.

Andrew Cheung - Walking Dog
I created a 3D animation of a dog walking and the animations include the entire dog moving as well as the legs moving up and down to represent walking. For the dog itself, I used the built in 3D shapes of sphere and box. The body as well as the legs were made using boxes and the head was made using a sphere. The movement of the dog consisted of translations to the entire dog well as a sub-animation on the legs. One challenge was to move the legs and head into the correct location which I accomplished by translating at the beginning and then incrementing for the movement.

Charlie Henry- Magic School Bus
For this project I made my animation based off of the Magic School bus.  This Animation has the yellow bus body moving from right to left and the "fire" jumping back and fourth behind the bus, making a an effect resembling a rocket engine.  In the BoxMovie class I create the body of the bus and create the fire.  This class also contains the code that moves the animation.  The body of the bus is made out of a 3D box and the fire is a 3D sphere.  One challenge I had was trying to recreate an actual school bus shape.  After numerous attempts I decided to go with a simple box.
